Ruby Gems   Devise, Active Admin, DotEnv, Nokogiri, Paperclip
Version Control   Git, Github, Github/gists
Data Stores   PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Sqlite3
Bash Commandline Tools  RVM, Homebrew, Pry, IRB, Foreman, Curl
Design  Adobe CS, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, Aperture, QuarkXPress
Video After Effects, Final Cut Pro X, Maxon Cinema 4D

ONE MONTH RAILS  NEW YORK | SEPTEMBER 2013 - PRESENT
One Month Rails promises to teach students to code Ruby on Rails in One Month.
› Developed updated site with new curriculum and migrated to Rails 4 and Bootstrap 3.
› Increased customer satisfaction by leading the technical support team to Y Combinator (YC S13) startup.
› Created strategic support flow integration based on analytics and solution patterns.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY NEW YORK | SEPTEMBER 2013 - PRESENT
GA’s goal as a professional educator and incubator is to transform thinkers into creators.
› Aided and contributed to the learning process as a Teaching Assistant for GA’s Programming for Non Programmers class.
› Graduated Web Development Immersive through 12 weeks of immersive instruction and development of multiple projects in a collaborative environment. Project production included project management, wireframing, back and front end development, database management, version control, deployment, testing and analytics. My final project, MadeInNY.io is a data visualization of the NY startup scene and is currently enjoying a healthy amount of web traffic.
INDEPENDENT Consulting  September 2012 - present
› Worked closely with executives of the video discovery start-up Taboola in designing UX mocks.
› Created marketing materials, and analyzed metrics to increase web traffic including collateral for Taboola’s Top of the Network product launch which appeared on Fox Business News.
AlphaGraphics  Midland Park, NJ | May 2004 - may 2013
A is a marketing communications agency specializing in all forms of advertising.
› Enhanced clients’ visual representation by creating cohesive marketing solutions resulting in a 99% ISO rating.
› Specialized in brand identity and consistency throughout City Chemist’s line of products including Estée Lauder.
› Grew the agency from $750k to $1.25 million in revenue a year in a fast paced environment excelling in managing communication and product development.
› Designed and built the company Digital Asset Management (DAM) system from the ground up.
› Migrated AlphaGraphics exclusively to an automated pdf workflow which increased productivity by 200%.
› Implemented a color-certified workflow which increased efficiency, managed consistency, and eliminated mistakes.
Apple, Inc.  Garden State Plaza, Paramus, NJ | July 2011 - May 2013
› Mobile Genius: Solved mobile device technical issues in a fast paced environment.
› One To One Creative: Displayed a contagious passion for Apple’s philosophy by providing an amazing learning experience.

